Handle per namespace default posture implementation (#630)
accuknox/KubeArmor: getting-started/default_posture.md

# Default Posture

> KubeArmor supports configurable default mode of operations. Default Posture comes into picture when there's atleast one `Allow` policy i.e. KubeArmor is handling policies in whitelisting manner ( More about this in [Consideration in Policy Action](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/event-auditor/getting-started/consideration_in_policy_action.md) ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeArmor supports configurable default security posture. The security posture could be allow/audit/deny. Default Posture is used when there's atleast one `Allow` policy for the given deployment i.e. KubeArmor is handling policies in whitelisting manner (more about this in [Considerations in Policy Action](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/event-auditor/getting-started/consideration_in_policy_action.md) ).
```

> There are two default mode of operations available `block` and `audit`. `block` mode blocks all the operations that are not allowed in the policy. `audit` generates telemetry events for operations that would have been blocked otherwise.

Reviewer: Shouldn't there be three options? allow/block/audit?

Allow mode would simply allow all the operations and only the explicitly denied operations would be blocked.

Author: > Allow mode would simply allow all the operations and only the explicitly denied operations would be blocked.

Why would one apply an 'Allow Policy' if this would be the case 😅 Won't this be the same as not applying any policy. Noting Default Posture only comes into picture when we have an Allow Policy.

Reviewer: Sure, I see what your saying. But consider following scenario:

A user applies a block and an allow policy. Now the default posture could either be audit/deny. But just because user ended up adding an Allow policy, there is no way for the user to simply Allow everything else with getting alerts unless the user deletes the Allow policy. That is what I have issues with.

Author: Even in this case with the supposed allow mode set, What would be the expected behavior just of the Allow policy? From what I understand it would be same as removing it?

Reviewer: Yes if the user removes the allow policy then it works fine. But asking user to remove a policy for something else to work was the point. Anyways, we can live with this behaviour. Thanks for the discussion.

KubeArmor has 4 types of resources: Process, File, Network and Capabilities. Default Posture is configurable for each of the resources seperately except Process. Process based operations are treated under File resource only.
## Configuring Default Posture

### Global Default Posture

> Global default posture is configured using configuration options provided in KubeArmor binary.

Reviewer 2: where can we configure global default posture?
arguments? config file?
would be better to give an example.

Author: I followed up with an example using flags, will update it with configuration file.

```sh
  -defaultFilePosture string
    	configuring default enforcement action in global file context [audit,block] (default "block")
  -defaultNetworkPosture string
    	configuring default enforcement action in global network context [audit,block] (default "block")
  -defaultCapabilitiesPosture string
    	configuring default enforcement action in global capability context [audit,block] (default "block")
```

### Namespace Default Posture

We use namespace annotations to configure default posture per namespace. Supported annotations keys are `kubearmor-file-posture`,`kubearmor-network-posture` and `kubearmor-capabilities-posture` with values `block` or `audit`. If a namespace is annotated with a supported key and an invalid value ( like `kubearmor-file-posture=invalid`), KubeArmor will update the value with the global default posture ( i.e. to `kubearmor-file-posture=block`).

> 

Reviewer: It would be better to give an example using a sample yaml with annotation.

Author: On updating annotations using YAML 
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: multiubuntu
  annotations:
    kubearmor-network-posture: audit
```
`kubectl apply -f ...`
If we only update metadata (annotation), it prints `unchanged` despite updating the annotation value anyway. So it feels more right to use `kubectl annotate` since it responds accordingly.

WDYT?

Reviewer 2: 'kubectl annotate' would be a good choice.

## Example

Let's start KubeArmor with configuring default network posture to audit.

```sh

> sudo -E ./kubearmor -defaultNetworkPosture=audit

Reviewer 2: people would be not familiar with the command-line-based execution.
what about using kuberamor.yaml -> command?

Here curl couldn't resolve google.com due to blocked access to UDP.

Generated alert has Policy Name `DefaultPosture` and Action as `Block`

```
== Alert / 2022-03-21 13:06:27.731918 ==
Cluster Name: default
Host Name: kubearmor-dev-all
Namespace Name: multiubuntu
Pod Name: ubuntu-5-deployment-7778f46c67-hk6k6
Container ID: 1f92eb4c9d730862174be04f319763a2c1ac2752669807051c42ddc78aa102d1
Container Name: ubuntu-5-container
Policy Name: ksp-ubuntu-5-net-tcp-allow
Severity: 8
Type: MatchedPolicy
Source: /usr/bin/curl google.com
Operation: Network
Resource: domain=AF_INET6 type=SOCK_DGRAM protocol=0
Data: syscall=SYS_SOCKET
Action: Allow
Result: Permission denied
```

Let's try to set the annotation value to something invalid.

```
~❯❯❯  kubectl annotate ns multiubuntu kubearmor-network-posture=invalid --overwrite
namespace/multiubuntu annotated
~❯❯❯  kubectl describe ns multiubuntu
Name:         multiubuntu
Labels:       kubernetes.io/metadata.name=multiubuntu
Annotations:  kubearmor-network-posture: audit
Status:       Active
```
We can see that, annotation value was automatically updated to audit since that was global mode of operation for network in the KubeArmor configuration.

> 

Reviewer 2: remove empty lines
